Release notes 2.14.21 (#11938)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.21

### Introducing work queue status

We're excited to unveil the new status indicators for work queues in Prefect's UI, enhancing your ability to oversee and control flow run execution within our hybrid work pools.

Work queues will now display one of three distinct statuses:

- `Ready` -  one or more online workers are actively polling the work queue
- `Not Ready` - no online workers are polling the work queue, signaling a need for intervention
- `Paused` - the work queue is intentionally paused, preventing execution

--Add prefect dashboard snapshot here --

--Add work pools page work queues table here with work queues of all statuses.--

With the introduction of work queue status, you'll notice the absence of deprecated work queue health indicators in the UI.

See the documentation on [work queue status](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/work-pools/#work-queues) for more information.

> For now, this is an experimental feature, and can be enabled by running:

Reviewer: Is this true for Prefect Cloud also?

Reviewer 2: @zhen0 the UI feature flag for this will also enable automations to be created for work queue status triggers, which are not yet ready. so this is not available in Cloud as there is more work required to enable that flag.

For now, this is an experimental feature, and can be enabled by running:
```console
prefect config set PREFECT_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_WORK_QUEUE_STATUS=True
```

See the following pull request for implementation details:
    - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11829

> ### Fixes

Reviewer 2: nit: we'd generally keep it to a single sentence and no punctuation at the end

Author: added to the doc!

Reviewer 2: ah nice nice!

> - Remove unnecessary `WARNING` level log indicating a task run completed successfully. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11810

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove unnecessary `WARNING` level log indicating a task run completed successfully — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11810
```

> - Fix bug where block placeholders declared in pull steps of the `deployments` section of a `prefect.yaml` file were not resolved correctly. You can now refer to blocks in pull steps. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11740

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where block placeholders declared in pull steps of the `deployments` section of a `prefect.yaml` file were not resolved correctly. You can now refer to blocks in pull steps. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11740
```

> - Use `pool_pre_ping` to ensure that our PostgreSQL connections are ready to use before issuing queries. This will improve stability for long-lived PostgreSQL connections. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11911

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use `pool_pre_ping` to ensure that our PostgreSQL connections are ready to use before issuing queries. This will improve stability for long-lived PostgreSQL connections. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11911
```

maybe just "improve stability for long-lived PostgreSQL connections"?

Author: I'll update!

### Documentation

> - Clarify Docker tutorial code snippet to ensure commands are run from the correct directory. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11833

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clarify Docker tutorial code snippet to ensure commands are run from the correct directory — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11833
```

> - Remove beta tag from incident documentation and screenshots. Check out the incidents feature in Prefect Cloud! — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11921

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove beta tag from incident documentation and screenshots — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11921
```

> - Update documentation for Prefect Cloud account roles to reflect renaming of previous "Admin" role to "Owner" and creation of new "Admin" role that cannot bypass SSO. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11925

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update Prefect Cloud account roles docs to reflect renaming of previous "Admin" role to "Owner" and creation of new "Admin" role that cannot bypass SSO — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11925
```

### Experimental

> - Allow task subscribers to filter for a subset of tasks. This ensures task subscribers only pick up task runs they are able to execute. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11805

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure task subscribers can only pick up task runs they are able to execute — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11805
```

> - Start only one `TaskRunner` when launching a `TaskServer`. This allows a task server to reuse the same task runner, speeding up execution. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11806

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow a task server to reuse the same task runner to speed up execution — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11806
```

> - Introduce task run queue capacity settings. Users can now control the maximum backlog queue size and maximum retry queue size for autonomous task runs. — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11825

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow configuration of maximum backlog queue size and maximum retry queue size for autonomous task runs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11825
```
